Title : Blockchain enabled transparent and tamper proof carbon credit trading platform with
smart contract automation
There are two types of Users:
1. Admin
2. Industry
Features of Industry:
1. Can upload their Emisssion data contains
Industry ID, Released year, Sector, Type of Emission, Reported emission
2. If Industry emission less than government base line the industry get remaining credits
as bonus.
3. If industry exceeds government base line it become penality to that industry.
4. The industry should balance the penality.
5. Industry can buy credits from another industry.
6. Industry can sold credits to another industry.
7. In Industry dashboard Industry can see their Total Industries registered, Available
Credits, Penalty and Transaction count, Market Price which calculated using Formula
Total available credits = Sum of all credits available in platform
Total Required credits =
8. in trade tab there are two buttons Sell, Buy.
9. Industry which wants to buy credits sends request to industry which credits in Buy tab
and displays total credits available in that platform
10. In sell tab an industry can accept or reject the buyer request if accepted that credits
are deducted from them and credited to buyer.
11. In Emission Tab Total Emissions, types of emissions, Average Reduction , Data points
refers to records count.
12. In Emission Tab there is a table with contents Industry ID, Industry Sector, Year, Gas
Type, Reported Emissions(Tons), Base line Emission with refers Base line for that year,
Reduction percentage which calculated by Base line and Reported Emission, Credits
Gained.
13. An Industry can have more than one type of emissions.
Features of Admin:
1. Admin can specify Base emissions for each emission type.
2. Admin can Specify Base price used for calculating MarketPrice.
3. Admin can Specify adjustement factor for MarketPrice.
4. In Dashboard Total Industries count, Total credits issued, Total credits traded, Total
penality Industries, Current MarketPrice calculated, Supply vs Demand graph
5. In Industry Management tab View All Industries, Approve or Reject Industry
registration, Vew Emission History of each industry, Penality status, Suspend suspicious
account.
Register Page:
Industry Name, Industry Author Name, Email Address, Mobile Number, Password.
Create default account for admin with credentials
Username : admin
Password : admin@123
Note : the admin can change their name and password later.
Login Page
Email, password.